# Strangely-Familiar
My thesis proposes the use of a generative tool, using the simple disorientation plugin, in which individuals could build formal complex experiences from a relatively simple set of geometry where these experiences are made for the metaverse.  The Metaverse, a term coined by Neal Stephenson as a successor to the internet, reveals how the digital world might evolve in the future. It will be a world where anything we can imagine can exist, eventually extending our senses of sight, sound, touch and being fully immersed into 3D environments whenever we want. Technology frequently produces surprises that nobody predicts such as the development of the World Wide Web, which is used by billions around the world and now comes the Metaverse. My interest began in my research of what role architects could play in shaping and enriching the metaverse? The metaverse is uncharted territories full of possibilities, and a Utopia without the constraints of the physical world. For many years, the internet has been mostly a 2D catalog with hyperlinks, and now it finally starts to look interesting with the potential for 3D experiences and will change the way we live, work and play.  The VR space will allow individuals to roam, occupy and explore around the space, creating a unique experience and taking ownership by capturing a frame for oneself. The digital world is a strangely familiar place. It loses the qualities of reality and defies the laws of physics but still follows the human nature of creating. Structures that would be impossible to construct in reality could easily be created in the metaverse, conventional elements like the stairs are built in reality for people to move up and down with ease but in the metaverse, the stairs could be impossibly twisted but still allow users to move along it. Architects could actually think outside the box and change conventional elements into usable abstract elements which is one of many services an architect could offer in a world where it constantly needs massive content that users could experience from virtual worlds to digital assets. 
